Angelo: Hello.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Angela.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hi, how are you
Angelo: Good. Are you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Able to make it
Angelo: Yet so I tried logging in at like 450 but the
Angelo: They had me in the virtual waiting room or whatever, till now, so
Angelo: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what's been going on with you because I know last week you were just
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Typically are with a day again and encouraging other group members that something happened.
Angelo: No.
Angelo: Just
Angelo: Same old, same
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Up your treatment plan. So we can go through that and when we initially had a meeting.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whatever happened with the CEO license and know a one point you were going to do Uber and then something
Angelo: Happened right yeah my driving record won't allow it. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this session will do a treatment plan review. And then I also have a video that I want to share with you so we can we can discuss on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Antonia and its impact them sobriety and how, you know, the inability to have pleasure, there were certain things that they mentioned in that video that can you think of you like on
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How, when you have a program in the Heisman that sometimes you fantasize about using again. So the video touches on that. But first, let me just make sure
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Where we are with the girl, the goals. So you've been pretty consistent with the tenant group on a weekly basis.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And they've been having some difficulty with getting individual therapy but you come up with a plan. Well, maybe we can meet every other week and replacement of food, but also, are there any inpatient things in your city that you were attending support in therapy.
Angelo: Actually
Angelo: I just signed up with a psychiatrist. Okay, good.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How often we be seeing the psychiatry.
Angelo: I'm hoping weekly
Angelo: But I tried to get into to get some some medication for my depression and possibly my add
Angelo: But they they gave me a prescription for selects a and then more Clonidine they I guess they wanted me on the Clonidine ones in Nick's
Angelo: Last week,
Angelo: Friday of last week. Okay.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what do they have you on the weekly, monthly
Angelo: They haven't set that up yet my next the next time I see here is may force.
Angelo: Yeah, I was hoping they get me into see somebody on a more regular basis. Open that that will come a time but I don't know these like it took me like six months, even get into see this doctor, you know, so I'm just kind of playing it by ear.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes. Okay, just always a waitlist and a lot of imagine new mexico know we have way more providers in Florida, then the coaching staff.
Angelo: And we got way more crazy people here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We say you guys need more
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, how about the relationship with your son. What's going on with that.
Angelo: I don't know. I
Angelo: Really
Angelo: I don't know I I struggle. I mean, I try and you know he's he's 17 he's kind of stuck on a video games and all the electronics, you know, Snapchat and all that crap and like
Angelo: I always make it a habit to walk my dogs at least twice a day.
Angelo: And I try and get him to come along with me. And usually when I when I'm asking him to come along with me, it's like pulling teeth. But when we do get out there you know
Angelo: You know, and he starts engaging or whatever, you know, we have, you know, he starts laughing and having a good, you know, and it's that's nice, you know, just, I don't know. I
Angelo: I, I feel like I've got so much damage or whatever, like I really don't never have had any hobbies or interests or anything like that to like, share with him, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Relationships building other relationships, that's been going on with them that you mentioned in passing, so it's been a challenge for you any progress with that.
Angelo: Um,
Angelo: I don't know, I've been trying to hang out with people more but I struggle with that. Trying to find any common ground, you know, without any hobbies or anything like that to you know it's it's hard for me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When we last met you mentioned that you wanted to quit smoking pot.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What's the progress with that.
Angelo: I've cut it back to like
Angelo: Play a couple of times a week instead of, you know, all day every day.
Angelo: Now I smoke, probably, I think this last. I mean, just because of lack of money. I mean, it wasn't any choice of mind. But, you know,
Angelo: I really want to cut back in the last couple of weeks because of finances can do it.
Angelo: I'm I'm more irritable.
Angelo: And just
Angelo: Like my I've been getting like more like anxiety and stuff. And like
Angelo: I don't know, just
Angelo: more agitated.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Spirituality component
Angelo: Yeah.
Angelo: I don't know, I kind of checked it out really, I don't know. I mean, and I received light. I don't know. It's like a kind of Japanese
Angelo: Kind of thing or whatever.
Angelo: I don't know, I've
Angelo: Just kind of checking different things out. I've also talked to a priest who never really done any better about any of that.
Angelo: Just, I don't know, I'm looking for help, wherever I can get it. I really don't care.
Angelo: Where it comes from
You said you wanted to go to our outpatient therapy to address your childhood sexual trauma.
Angelo: Right.
Angelo: Now is also one of the things that with the psychology, you know, the psychiatrist or whatever that was one of the things that I wanted to touch on because I mean I've been to, like, a lot of like therapy here, but it's all been directed drug therapy, you know,
Angelo: I don't know, I've
Angelo: I've gotten a, you know, I know a lot of the stuff for it, you know, but I just, I really feel like there's, you know, more underlying issues.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Not just treat the addiction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But the trauma that meant to be.
Angelo: Right. And that i mean i
Angelo: Think it's, I mean,
Angelo: A perfect storm of different things, whatever, like in
Angelo: In in
Angelo: Elementary School, you know, the school put me on Ritalin and
Angelo: They might my parents didn't like it or whatever. But, you know, he said that, you know, if I don't if I'm not on the on the medication, then I'm not welcome in school, blah, blah, blah.
Angelo: You know, and so they put me on the riddle and and in like the 11th grade they took me off of it just abruptly.
Angelo: And that's kind of where my addiction kind of started, you know, was I was trying to
Angelo: You know, I was really lacking in school because they took away that medication. I mean, it was, it was a complete different it was like night and day. You know, like I can't sit down and
Angelo: Write a paper, but when I take riddle. And you know, I can sit there and write a whole nother, you know, and
Angelo: You know, I actually asked them, you know, they could put me back on the on the Ritalin or whatever or Adderall or something like that, because it helps
Angelo: It helps me to focus and, you know, I mean, I haven't been on it since I was a kid, but I knew you know I knew you know that it worked. It worked for me, you know, but they didn't. I don't know. Since I mentioned my drug history or whatever, they're kind of
Angelo: Yeah. And they're like, well, I don't want to prescribe you stimulant.
Angelo: You know,
Angelo: And it's, I don't know, it's just frustrating. You know, they know stuff this down a little kids throat. But when you're an adult and you're trying to get back on track. You know, like the damage has already been done but you know now they want to
Angelo: You know show all this concern for my safety. Where was that concern when I was, you know, an eight year old kid and they're giving me impediments. You know, it's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like I shared I know people call I import I work on sexual assault shooting center. So, um, I do have history with working with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Survivors Of Sexual assault. So if you ever want to take advantage of that during an individual session, you could be the process that you don't have to focus on, specifically the relapse prevention plan because this ties into wrapping that past trauma.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right, I'm
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Short term or long term goals that you want to add to your treatment plan.
Angelo: Since the CDS out of the picture of it.
Angelo: Was trying to get into affiliate marketing.
Angelo: It's basically like a referral never with the affiliate marketing.
Angelo: You can sell stuff, you know, or promote someone's business or whatever.
Angelo: With an affiliate link. And if they click on on on that link, you know, you build a page for them a web page.
Angelo: You know, with the advertisements and stuff like that. And if they click on that link, you get a percentage of that profit and it's usually a pretty good percentage. And if you get, you know, a few of these businesses.
Angelo: reoccurring you know if you if you're able to able to generate phone calls for this business, you know, whatever business that may be. There's, I mean they have affiliate marketing for pretty much every business, you know, Amazon.
Angelo: I mean, you name it, they've got, you know, an affiliate program for it, but I'm starting out like kind of learning the ropes or whatever on how to build stuff, you know, and all that, but I've been working on it. You know, I'm not very computer illiterate, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When the skills and the job description, line up again.
Angelo: Right. Well, what I've been doing is is watching YouTube videos on it because there's a lot of it out that you know there's a lot of educational videos on how to do the affiliate marketing.
Angelo: Like, you know, most of them you know they want you to buy a program and
Angelo: You know, they want to sell you something. But there's a lot of, you know, good information that you know I can piece together from a lot of free videos.
Angelo: And I've gotten you know i think i'm you know a lot further than I am in the Morris, but the more time I spend at it, even if I fail, like it's working.
Angelo: You know it's moving forward. Like, I feel better about, you know, if I spend a couple hours in the computer and like I still didn't you know accomplish what I sat down. But still, you know, like that's a mistake that I won't have to make, you know, kind of getting it out of the way.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, what are we not want one you said some of your triggers were born and just complacency. So where are you with that now because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm seeing and hearing that you're trying to get out of that complacency trying different things and re establishing goals. So what would be a barrier to your, to your sobriety at this time.
Angelo: I don't know. I guess my negative way of thinking.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have you been camping.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And will you walk your dogs, you know, mow the lawn. What else do you do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It. No.
Angelo: Not really.
Angelo: I
Angelo: still try to meditate, but I don't know my mind races. Some and I'm just like so overwhelmed. Most of the time, and I don't take the time to sit down and meditate.
Angelo: Or I should know
Angelo: How to
Angelo: Calm down and be twice. I don't know which is
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, this video camera captures that as much as I can with you in the time before stars, let me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Share this video with you to get your thought process because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I saw some connections when I launched
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Rob with treehouse recovery and I'm back again, and today I want to teach you guys about Antonio
Angelo: One of the major reasons or a bigger reason why people relapse specially in early recovery is because of Antonio or a lack of knowledge of Antonia
Angelo: And the best way I can describe Antonia and by no means is it's a clinical term.
Angelo: But the best way I can describe it is a state of blah. Okay. It's a current dissatisfaction with sobriety, or somebody current reality which is going to be sobriety. Okay. And it consists of
Angelo: Two primary factors. The first is going to be biochemical and the second is going to be psychological so first let's focus on the biochemical
Angelo: When somebody and just drugs or alcohol, they release dopamine into the brain. And this continues over a period of time for years. Sometimes, and every time they put a drug in their body. Dopamine is released in the brain. And what eventually happens is the brain says
That's it. I'm done. I don't need to produce this naturally anymore now open mean if you refer back to my pause video
Is responsible for a lot of things. It's responsible for a reward that keeps us safe and alive and keeps us moving forward as individuals or it's just a society in general.
And if we don't have domain or a natural production. That doesn't mean well, we're going to feel that blah feeling. Okay. So when somebody enters a recovery center or any kind of treatment environment.
And they are no longer having a chemically altered amount of dopamine going off in their brain throughout the day. Whenever they put the drug in their body.
And what will happen is if somebody goes through everyday activities during that initial phase of sobriety. There's not going to feel very good.
They're not going to fuel that reward. So that's the biochemical reasons of why somebody is going to feel and adani
The second thing that we need to discuss when really understanding and udonis is the psychological effects that somebody's going to be experiencing.
While in early sobriety. So to really understand that. Let's take a look at somebody, while they're an active addiction. This is usually a pretty exciting lifestyle. Now it's negative, excitement, a majority of it but excitement nonetheless.
So this is somebody who might be participating in illegal activity stealing. This is somebody who's probably putting themselves and pretty dangerous situations.
Maybe dealing with some pretty shady people or running from the police or maybe even just the excitement provided from
being dishonest to the people around them trying to hide their stash or just get away with the substance use, or anything involved in the substance use.
So what all of these behaviors do is it will, it gets the heart beating. Okay. And it can
Start to produce adrenaline and all of these behaviors will create that excitement. Now let's talk about that individual when they decide to go into treatment. Well, they're not going to be receiving that same kind of excitement
And what this can do is lead to a comparison to wear. Yes, I understand. Those were negative behaviors, but the way I interpreted it while I was in active addiction was this is very exciting.
And now that I'm in treatment. I have a schedule. I have a routine and I'm not receiving that same kind of adrenaline pumping excitement that I'm used to.
Alright so this can often lead to other psychological set of behaviors. Somebody can now offer lies sobriety, or even romanticize the past using. So with the biochemical and the psychological effects. Somebody will have that antidote.
Now Antonia can be consistent during somebody's process at least the initial phase. It can also spike during different months of their process.
I can also get elevated during activities that maybe somebody has a relationship with
For example, if somebody grew up surfing and they love surfing every time they go out surfing, they get that dopamine reward. Well, if that same individual later on in life decides to get sober.
And they go out and they go surfing. Well, there's a good chance they're not going to get the same reward that they're used to do to that dopamine deficit.
This can easily lead somebody to going and awful lies in their sobriety, or even
Hyper focusing on things from their past that would produce that though. I mean, for example, substance use. All right. And this is a major reason why we see people relapse.
This is why I'm so confident and the tree house approach to treatment. We got guys waking up at the crack of dawn go
Angelo: Like the biological stuff. I knew most to that, you know, but to dope mean and, you know, but the
Angelo: The psychological effects are there. I could really relate with the, you know, with the stuff that he was saying about you know the
Angelo: romanticizing you know us women like Bill and I seen that, you know, surprise, stone. They definitely you know can relate with that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what I thought was interesting. We talked about, even though with negative excitement pleasure, your, your brains still access to as tangent. So, you know, the secrecy of the addiction and getting the next four hours with the criminal activity that was associated with it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And all of those dynamics, it created a level of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Insulin Allen sobriety. You don't get those same adrenaline rushes but you know through the different activities that you do, you know, things that you I enjoy even from childhood good example.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I could give you a mirror that adrenaline rush and that excitement. And so the key. And that was when you have this like filling blogs dissatisfaction.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How do you, how do you get older gentlemen again. What are the pleasure aspects in your life.
Angelo: It's just did is like, like I was saying, In the beginning was like, I don't have any hobbies or anything that you know, or was it didn't really grow up with any hobbies or anything that like I could throw myself into, you know, and even now, to this day, you know, I just
Angelo: You know i i can't afford any hobbies. I can't have, you know, like, I mean it's just
Angelo: I don't know. I go to work, you know, on my days off. I sit around and watch TV. You know, like, I really don't. You know, I've tried to create you know by walking the dogs, you know, that doesn't cost any money.
Angelo: You know, but it's just like that doesn't. I don't know, there's not, it's not fulfilling. You know, like
Angelo: In my entire life. It's like won't allow that, you know, the job. I work at, you know, they only give me a certain amount of hours he can, like, they're just
Angelo: They, they don't allow me to have like a schedule where I can find out if I'm working, you know, this week. You know what days I'm working after call the night before, you know, and so I'm trying to find a different job, you know, and it's
Angelo: It's just so frustrating. With this job like this last week on Friday, you know, which was supposed to be payday. She sent me a text. Hey, sorry payroll won't be ready until Wednesday of next week, sorry for the inconvenience. And I'm like, I got a car payment is due at midnight, you know,
Angelo: Like I'm just like, how can you do that like
Angelo: You know, and it's just like I have like who am I going to tell what like and it's just like constantly stuff like that in my life, you know, and it's like
Angelo: It bothers me because it makes me look and competent. It makes me look like I'm not going when I'm supposed to that I'm making excuses that I'm just
Angelo: You know, just to loot, you know, and it's like all these things are so uncontrollable and it's just like that, you know, I don't know. It's. Do you know
Wow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, it's like hitting those roadblocks. You know, it continues to feed into that annigoni of law of not experiencing any pleasure when you hit these roadblocks that you had to think and process. Okay. Any small victories that you could celebrate
Angelo: We can't, I can't think of any right now. And that's probably a problem. I mean, like, I'm sure they're out there but like I really don't consider them victories on. I mean, you know, like I
Angelo: Like I always see the
Angelo: The shitty or side of things, you know, like, you know, I got a car, but I've got a 27% interest rate on that car, you know,
Angelo: Or, you know, like I got clean and sober, but I'm still a loser. You know, like, you know, every time. Like I try and think of a victory. Like it's, there's always that flip side of it and you know like
Angelo: Yeah, I'm not having to wake up dope sick, but I'm still waking up to press not having, you know, like anything to really like any kind of life. I'm not really living, you know, it's just, I'm getting by day to day and it's just so depressing. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You said she gave you medication for depression.
Angelo: Right. Yes. Alexa
What's your response seen any
Angelo: Know it's only been about three days.
Angelo: Okay, yes, started it. So yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So challenging that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, I'm sober loser, you know, putting a definition on what it means a loser.
Angelo: I don't know, for me, like that's what kind of what goes to my head is like just constantly like you know and I, you know, like I'm a bad like
Angelo: I'm bad with envy you know I compare myself to others, you know, and you know, why is it everybody else can succeed in life. Have a good job, you know, live on their own, you know, make a carpet, you know,
Angelo: But it's like I don't know their situation. I don't know their circumstance or circumstances and stuff.
Angelo: You know, and people try and, you know, oh, everybody goes to this stuff, but then like when they try and help me pass one of these problems, you know,
Angelo: They're they start to see it too. And they're like, What the, you know, by the by the end of the session. They're like, maybe you Barker's like
Angelo: Because it's like, you know, just some of the stuff like get again and my buddy helping me with
Angelo: The clip thinks you know for the affiliate marketing and just to sign up, you know, like I put in my birthdate or whatever. And it's the computer's not accepting the the format.
Angelo: So we try a bunch of different formats and it's still not letting me past that, you know, and you can't get past it because it's one of those required things or whatever, you know,
Angelo: And it's like you know the the advice that he's been giving me, you know, just move on, you know, just
Angelo: Take a step back and calm down and then re you know it's like none of that stuff works because you can't get past it you know it's it's a deeper like there's a button, it's like I seem to find all of those things, you know, and it's just, it's so frustrating.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I have since that to, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because what will allow me, for me, is that even though you have these different things that will go on your life, you were able to encourage others in group and you were able to be that positive light others and now
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's not there. And I'm wondering what should
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What that one thing that you had your present and now
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Email for being able to encourage and motivate other group members, there's been a shift.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Call when that shift came about.
Angelo: Um, well, I'll be honest.
Angelo: I did kind of have my feelings hurt a little bit like the other day when
Angelo: Dr. Gabriel had said something about, you know, you got to get over making all these excuses for stuff and done it, you know.
Angelo: And I was just like, you know, like, and I didn't want to speak at, you know, and I was just sick all right thing, you know, what if everything. I says, an excuse. And I'm just going to shut down, you know, and then like the other day when when she said you know oh
Angelo: Hallelujah. He's trying to find a way. You know, you know, and you had said, you know, well let's hold off on the hallelujah until he shows up.
Angelo: You know, and I'm like, I've been making my attempts to show like I've been trying my hardest here, you know, but it's like
Angelo: You know, nobody knows the circumstances that I'm under, you know, so I was, you know, like I i really kind of got my feelings hurt and was just like know what cool whatever you know like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I could see. I could see where you would shut down in that comment, and we all have those moments of saying things. So I'll acknowledge that that comments.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I thought about it afterwards. And I thought that was a very encouraging, but on my end. I just recall
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: scheduling an appointment to see you on a Saturday. You didn't show up. I didn't get any notification. So like Dave after I was like, wow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I sacrifice you know my own personal I never seen on Saturday, and then I could. Prior to that, there was another list and I've had this continuous with repetition of not just you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Other people getting things on the calendar filling up my schedule people meet you know confined the home and then they don't show up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I can honestly say that was more me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That was my frustration and intolerance. It wasn't specific to you. It was just, you know, what so many people say they're going to come and then they don't even show up. So I apologize for that. That was neat projecting my own frustrations on the situation, not necessarily you the situation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I apologize for that I thank you for being transparent and submit that was for now that give me the opportunity to one explain where that came from. And then also request that you know you accept my apology, because I could see how that would be hurtful.
Angelo: And and i mean i did have a part to play in it you know i i do have to take my responsibility. You know, I did end up having it was a funeral out in
Angelo: Mexico, there was an uncle of mine. I honestly wasn't all that close with him, but my mom. She's not comfortable driving or whatever. And that morning I hit space, the whole thing and I agreed. You know, to take, you know, to drive with her that morning or whatever.
Angelo: But I completely spaced it out. I mean, either way, you know, aside from funeral. You know, that's why I'd never even brought it up, was because ultimately, like I forgot it, whether the funeral was there or not, you know, I, you know, so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Well, we, we can now move past six. You know, I am celebrating the victory that showed up.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I was really looking forward to this meeting one on one, because you know some people they just, they are pessimists. And then there's some people that are optimists. But in the silver lining for you in a small country that I only saw one
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Even despite a situation always encouraging. So the gluten, you know, you're able to identify whatever small victory, you know, other group members come and they talk about some some very bad experiences.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you empathize you validate and you encourage them. So any role that I played in kind of dimming that enthusiasm and motivation.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I want to find a way to move past that so that you can get back to that point. But I also want to encourage you to be opening a communication.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because I do recall that Dr. April. She caught it. And unlike me. She immediately requested or acquired. Hey, and did that check in. Did I offend you, I feel bad. You said, nope, I'm fine.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: On my end. I didn't, because honestly, I was stuck in my own frustration to even do that message and that shows that we all, we all dropped the ball. Eric is imperfect yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, but in that situation without the April. What stopped you from being open and saying that yeah actually did take offense to
Angelo: I'm just the, the fear of confrontation usually
Angelo: I mean I think everybody has a fear of confrontation and just, I don't know that in the past when I've taught tried to talk to Dr. Aubrey out you know like
Angelo: Through no fault of my own, you know, I've missed probably at least, you know, not, not in a rower and ever, but I've probably six different weeks of my medication you know where I've had to go and buy it off the street, you know, and I stayed consistent with the program.
Angelo: Would like to talk to Dr. Gabriel, you know, and she sent me some pretty nasty emails or whatever. And I talked to you, you know, and it's just been
Angelo: Very difficult to talk to her, you know, because I feel like you know she's gonna come back with something that just puts me in my place, you know, and
Angelo: You know my place is definitely below her because you know she knows that she's the doctor and you know I'm just trying to
Angelo: Get that that whole you know drug seeking behavior, you know, from doctors and, you know, and it's just like
Angelo: It belittles you in a lot of ways, you know, and it's just like
Angelo: I don't know, I feel like sometimes Dr appt reality is set in their ways. And she won't listen to anything else, you know, then it's all just an excuse or some kind of, you know, and I'm just like,
Angelo: Well, there's no talking to these, you know, so why even bother trying. You know, I've made my attempt to to communicate with her to no avail. You know, and it's just
Angelo: You know, you get to a point where it's just like, all right, whatever, you know, just try and let it roll off your back and don't sweat, you know, even though
Angelo: You know, a week later, you know, yeah, I still think. I mean, I was honestly dreading this you know this session or whatever because of that, you know, like I was still carrying around that animosity, you know,
Angelo: And I mean,
Angelo: I'm glad you know we spoke, you know, we cleared the air and ever about it, you know, and you know you reacted very positive, you know, very in a very positive manner and
Angelo: You know, and then I don't know like when it was taking like 10 minutes for me to get on the call, or whatever. I was like,
Angelo: You know she's thinking that I probably didn't show you know it's gonna be another no show, you know, and I'm sitting here on hold with the in the waiting area in the
Angelo: Waiting Room. So
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My question is definitely a small
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because you know as your presence here, it takes away from all the other shows.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, and just being candid in that communication. I have some clients that they'll email me 10 minutes before I say something came up and I can't make it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: More disappointed because I've done some work here for the session. Yes, but I'm also like, wow, that person respected my time because now I'll just move on.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I I honor the fact that you committed to still seeking and coming through with the appointment, despite what my outlook was, you know, last week.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then even when I said it. I can be very transparent I caught. I was like, Oh, that was a little
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That's not therapist yet because that's just like street death coming out and I thought maybe that'll motivate him to prove me wrong, you know, sometimes that motivates people that go she thinks that I'm going to click on her. I'm going to show her, you know, another side so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What the delivery was wrong and we'll make excuses for that. But I want to thank you for still coming through. Despite that, and working through
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The animosity that you have and I can see because now that you tell me this. I'm thinking the week prior was experience without the April. And then the second week is my experience.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I could have our film very deflating I'm in a situation where there's lack of control a lot of inconsistency and at least a glue is the consistency of, you know, every Monday, you know, you're going to get your meds and here it is. Now that you know spiraling out of control.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you feeling right now. Checking in with you know this session and everything from past two weeks.
Angelo: I feel a lot better. I'm glad that you know I did speak up and, you know, talk to you and you know
Angelo: That I don't know it's it's better for me to clear the air with somebody, then just carry around carry around this like poison for them, hoping that it's gonna hurt that you know
Angelo: Like
Angelo: I don't know what they're saying is like drinking poison and expecting to kill somebody else.
Angelo: You know, and it's not doing anything but like taking away from me, you know, because I do, I do enjoy going to groups and you know like when
Angelo: I don't know, like I get a lot more enjoyment in probably even them when I'm able to offer some sort of you know Salus or some some sort of, I don't know, help to others, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You that glimmer of hope that much of a pessimist. And that was, you know,
Angelo: That that sparks you
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For even explore that moment. And so we want to do is find ways to recreate more those moments. So over time, there's the rewiring
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And your brain is able to respond in a different way that now that it has the rewiring the messages of, Oh, we can't produce some good thoughts we can produce some encouraging that it'll work harder to to produce more those thoughts because it lights.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In my pleasure maximization.
Feels good.
Angelo: Well, also, the, the relationships.
Angelo: side of it, too. I mean, I think. I mean, we're built in pairs. You know, I mean, we're we're biologically. I mean, we need other people, you know, to interact with and communicate and to help others. And I think that
Angelo: I don't know, like
Angelo: I believe that's like the meaning of like when they say in the Bible. When two or more gathered in my name, you know, I'll be there. You know, I think that that's like the communicate, like the communication that's like of God, you know, or
Angelo: I kind of want to get religious photo but like that's like what we were intended for it. Yeah, yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What those relationships, but also in developing that esteem not hiring because the tool more to Gavin How do they gather it will need to be that person requesting, can we
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have it together in prayer.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, and you need to be the other person so expats entirely is what I'm saying, you know, there's a quote that says to give the world. The best example of how to love you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so if you're being pessimistic and, you know, beating down on yourself. How does that present to the world of how the treatment.
Angelo: For
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You start small, like, hey, this is a small victory for me. I showed up to this session. I was really upset with you know how useful to you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or how you did it. You didn't have hope for me, you know, and even that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That right there taught me. Wow. You know what I need to check myself. But even with that frustration. This is a way of me saying like let me find new ways to navigate communication with Angela, even if I am frustrated because now Angela has revealed to me that there's a sensitivity.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And so I have to be mindful of that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And other people are different, you know, so you even telling me this and communicating to me is teaching me how to treat you.
Angelo: And see, I think that that's a big thing. I mean, like the way I think of myself. Like, I don't know, I kind of started getting into that thing like
Angelo: Well, it's just like every other relationship. Those people don't like you, you know, like telling myself, you know, everywhere you go, I can, you know, and my
Angelo: The way I think about myself I allow others to think of me like even like in conversations with ever like with my buddies and stuff. And like
Angelo: They're like cracking all these insults and like talking, you know, like there's there's normal, you know, with guys
Angelo: On each other, you know, like when it starts getting personal or whatever, you know, like I just kind of like, you know, I'm like, he'll throw something at me and I'll be like, you know, that hurts, but it's true.
Angelo: You know, like
Angelo: Instead of being like, Oh, fuck you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Angelo: I don't mean to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Be building that boundary of the way you communicate and I can say that that's not what we seen route, you know, even though it was resistance and you know in relationships that will be conflict.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How do you navigate that conflict because each of us had a reason to feel the way he felt
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The deliveries around you and your non delivery, me and my aggressive delivery and in the same for Dr. Gabriel, but in that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: we're navigating the conflict in relationship to how to address that. How to make sure that the needs are being met.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I can tell you that, you know, after that group last week there was a problem with that stay behind and just really acquired by, you know, my concern because you know. ANGELO He's, he's feeling, you know, more upbeat what's going on. So the way you view yourself is not the way others are
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because when you give those sparks of hope and encouragement.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You invite other people. And so I just want to encourage you and that that there was another boot limit. I was very concerned and even wanted to figure out a way to navigate communication with you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because of that, and sorry. This isn't the first time you've had other group members, you know, that have said, hey, just call me, you know, and given their, their numbers. So in that context, you can. That's another victory. As you can see there are people that are concerned about my well being.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And when people are terrible individuals, no one's really checking for there will be there like good, you know, so if that's any indication that you're doing something right that there is some spark that's there.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Then use that as something and and continue to find those moments of sparking back in other people and then hopefully you'll catch a spark.
Angelo: Right.
Angelo: Well, that is very encouraging. You know that, you know, one of the other group members and I can already kind of guess, you know, maybe you don't have to confirm or not. But I'm thinking it was probably Jessica, you know, because she's got a huge heart, you know, she's, she's such a
Angelo: I don't know. She I see her as like a mama. You know, like, I don't know. But yeah, she's got a really good heart. She's such a sweet girl.
Angelo: And I hate to see her her situation, you know, with her boyfriend and all that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Other group members also verbally shared it in the booth. You know, reach out to them so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Even if food is the only contacts that you have some healthy relationships. The silver lining and that is at least once a week. I know I'm going to get some connection with other people. They keep
Angelo: They keep me
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then there may be weeks that you feel like, I don't know if they did, they understand
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do what you did keep showing up because eventually that narrative will change. It's just, it's just a little, a little conflict within the relationship that has to be adjusted. That's the process.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So do you think do this again.
Angelo: Yeah definitely actually enjoyed it. I think that I mean we've got some. I mean, we got our hands dirty on this.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: One. Yeah.
Angelo: I like
Angelo: I really have been wanting to, you know, do more one on ones with you. You know, I really think that there's it's beneficial, you know, for you know my, you know, and there's, you know, there's also benefits in a group setting or whatever but
Angelo: You can get a lot more. I think that we resolved a lot more than we have in three weeks prior. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How about because next week you'll be going to glue. So how about march 16 Monday.
Angelo: Go work.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Same time, right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yep. Okay. Great.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'll see you then. So you don't have to show up the group.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm something that you enjoy
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Hey, I
Angelo: Would I would I have the I wouldn't have the option of being able to attend group as well afterwards.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Only because we can't feel on the same day. So
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That would be the challenge.
Angelo: Okay. Alrighty. Well, thanks for your time. Have a good one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You too. Bye bye. Bye.